Well, well, wait a minute.
What should I do?
Oh, my mother, oh, my mother.
That's right, that's right.
My child is cute, cute.
I can't say it, I'm in the dark.
I've been taking care of you,
but I can't say it.
I thought I'd pull you out of the house,
but I didn't know.
Even if I work hard,
I'll build a road for my child.
My daughter's hand is fine.
Well, well, well, I'm sorry.
I don't say anything to your heart.
Stay with me.
I'm sorry.
It's your fate.
Your parents are stupid.
Even if you're 11 years old,
you're cute.
You're cute.
I'm sorry.
You're not made,
you're embarrassed
and it's off the control of the world.
Thank you so much for
listening to me
this evening.
Thank you so much for
your thanklessness.
My mother is dead
Night seems to be falling.
I need spotlight but not for two.
I was handling it.
Leader knows far.
jail time is short but many men are afraid.
What a strong defendants!